boy the stock market was way down again
today as the rise of this coronavirus
continues around the country and around
the world the Governor of California
declared a state of emergency here and a
lot of people are wondering what they
can do even the rapper little nas ex
tweeted no joking does anybody know what
I can do to help with the coronaviruses
oh well you know what thank you for
asking a little nas X and yes there is
something you can do it's called the el
bump now this is you can do it with
Billy Ray Cyrus for instance I
introduced this on Monday it is a way of
saying hello without infecting each
other and it is spreading faster than
the corona virus itself this morning the
l-bomb made it to the view that he's
going the elbow so apparently this is
what is someone tried out on you yeah
like Al Bob hi
you know after all this time Howie
Mandel is a genius that's right he is a
genius he does the the Mandel bump is
his thing but the governor of Nebraska
posted this on Twitter today you can see
he is doing the L bump with his fellow
man and this is shocking to me even the
Vice foodle of the United States is
doing the L bump today look at this here
he is coming off Air Force two and there
you go that's I hope he hasn't been
watching the show the best part of the L
bump is you don't need a face mask and
not that you can find a face Mike
there's a shortage of right now of those
face masks for email they don't really
help prevent the coronavirus people have
been hoarding them which puts doctors
and nurses and people at hospitals at
risk and the truth is you don't have to
buy one of those if you want one it's
very easy to make your own safety mask
and my trusty Guillermo is going to show
you how you can do that now look at a
coffee filter just get some duct tape of
coffee filter strap it on and breathe in
those Colombian beans okay there our
next one yes go down to the ground
Guillermo if you don't drink coffee why
not try it on
right or for the fellas out there who
might not have a bra handy grab a slice
of cold pizza and an extra thick rubber
band and thank you very much
and now your mustache smells like
pepperoni this is interesting this is a
clip from the Fox News coverage of the
Mike Pence press conference yesterday
and listen very closely to see if you
hear what I heard what's the threshold
will it be the number of deaths will be
the number of cases that's a briefing at
the White House new Dobbs is practicing
his trombone and I our
commander-in-chief is very focused on
the corona virus and has been trying to
sell us on the idea that it's not a big
deal he phoned in to Sean Hannity last
night for another hard-hitting chat that
once again tell the country not what the
scientists are telling us but rather
what he's personally feeling about it
right now we have a report today the
global death rate at three point four
percent and a report that the Olympics
could be delayed your reaction to that
well I think that three point four
percent is really false number now this
is just my hunch and but based on a lot
of conversations with a lot of people to
do this because a lot of people will
have this and it's very mild they'll get
better very rapidly they don't even see
a doctor they don't even call it doctor
we really would have been better off
with a monkey president we would
say Donald Trump has a honey
here's the thing if you're President of
the United States you don't go with
hunches you have the world's greatest
scientists at your disposal you go with
them you listen to them the only hunch
you should have is the one in your back
when you're leaning over that 12-piece
bucket of extra crispy KFC but don't
worry the president said a lot of people
will have this and it's very mild it's
like mild like like the salsa at
Chipotle know about the easy cases
because the easy cases don't go to the
hospital they don't report to doctors or
the hospital in many cases so I think
that that number is very high I think
the number personally I would say the
number is way under 1% personally he
would say it's way under there but
someone put a mozzarella stick in that
in his stupid Hall before he gets us all
killed it's so crazy this is not a
matter of opinion
this is science he even floated the idea
that people with the corona virus could
go into work so if you know we have
thousands or hundreds of thousands of
people that get better there just by you
know sitting around and even going to
work some of them go to work see for him
going to work means sitting around
watching nine hours of Fox News in his
underpants so he does the he doesn't
understand with that
money he's worried about the stock
market before the election so his plan
is to pretend the virus away and it's
especially interesting that Trump would
be okay with sick people going to work
because he said it the same day his
commander of the corona task force
specifically told us to do the opposite
of that a brief tutorial on prevention
for yourself for your family and your
loved ones it's a good idea to stay home
when you say welcome be anything sadder
than to be Mike Pence it is nothing you
say means anything
you're like a semicolon you really just
as Joe Biden gets ready to storm the
White House atop his ride on lawnmower
as opponent senator Elizabeth Warren has
dropped out of the race in spite of her
experience her track record and her
skills in the debates American voters
ultimately decided she just didn't have
what they were looking for in a
president which is a penis and so she
Elizabeth Warren finished distant third
in the delegate race it's hard to argue
that sexism didn't play some part of
that I'm not just direct sexism there
are a lot of people saying hey listen
I'm fine voting for a woman I would love
to but after Hillary I just don't want
to risk it it's secondhand sexism is
what it is so now the question is who
will Elizabeth Warren endorse we'll both
want the endorsement Bernie or Biden and
that is a question she was asked during
a chat with reporters outside her house
today will you be making an endorsement
today we know that you spoke with both
Joe Biden and Bernie's
so I guess bernie has the edge so the
remaining candidates are now Bernie Joe
Biden and Tulsi Gabbard who's got kind
of a fun real estate agent vibe going
but also only has two delegates which
means the stage is set for Bernie versus
Joe it's the early bird special
basically it's like when you're trying
to choose which type of Breyers vanilla
to get at the supermarket they've got
the natural the homemade and the extra
creamy which flavor will beat that
chunky monkey in the oval office I guess
we'll find out
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you want to see
all our latest videos click the
subscribe button and if you don't click
anyway and close your eyes when they
come on